# homework-4

1) first I laid out the basic html and within it created id's that sectioned out each part of the quiz. I created id's for the view scores button, the start/intro page, the quiz itself, the end game screen, the intials for score entry, and the highscore table. 2) In JS, I created 3 arrays that contained the quiz itself. The first array included all the questions, the second array contained arrays that contained each possible answer option, and then the final array was an index of the correct answers from within that all answer array. 3) I then used DOM elements to pull my id's and create variables, creating a function that both generated the timer and began the countdown. Within this function, I would also hide the intro screen and show the first question to begin the quiz. 4) I then added an event listener that would call this function once the start button was clicked. 5) For the questions to appear seperately, i created an if/else statement that would end the quiz when the timer hit 0, but otherwise go through the arrays to show the questions. 6) I then created a function that would turn each answer choice into a button, also using an if/else statement to deploy a decrement in time and a "wrong!" piece of text if the question was answered incorrectly, followed by a "correct!" text to appear if the right button was clicked. I also called a function to tell the computer to move onto the next question once that button was clicked. 7) I then created a function that would show the end page once the quiz was over, hiding the quiz div and displaying text to show the user's final score. 8) I then created a function that would take the user's intials submission and create a scoreboard ranking for them. 9) i then created a view highscores button for the intor page, so the user could navigate between these areas, as well as a go back button at the end of the quiz so they could restart it. 
